Today we're learning 100 ways to die in
Minecraft. No, you just lost to Ollie.
No. Wait, do you have a diamond pick?
No. Who's going to take the win of not
dying? Watch until the end to find out.
Don't die. Oh
make sure to like and subscribe. It
makes me happy. Ah, boys. We're playing
some 100 ways to die. Here we go. How
it's going to work is Steve Harvey is or
heave starvy is over there. We have to
do we have to cover this board with our
shape. I'm green team. Sigils is red
team. Bibles pink team. And Sunny's blue
team. Who's first? Can we fix the
colors? We're not fixing the colors.
Answer this for a larger shape. Oh,
okay. Siddles is first. Sigils. What is
the rarest axelottal variant? Do you
know this? Pink. I think it's pink. You
have to say cyan because it's
I lied to you. Dang it. I actually
didn't even know what it was either.
Okay. Okay. So, that settles as a shape.
So, now he's going to play a mini game
aka a 100 way to die and he has to try
to do it. Are you going to be Are you
going to do it to make that shape? Put
it dead center. You took two to mess you
guys up, dude. Challenge a beaver to a
lumber contest. What does that even
mean? I don't know. We're going to go
one by one. Obviously doing mini games.
That's not even a beaver. That's a
That's a long bottom sniffle. A long
bottom? What? It didn't tell me what to
do. It like I think the beaver is
winning. What is that? I didn't It
didn't give me a countdown or anything.
It just like By the way, hey, he's
cutting down entire trees. I don't
understand what's happening. Why is this
guy just over there? It's a sniffer. Why
is the sniffer just Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh,
that's not fair. That's not fair. That's
not fair. It literally didn't give a
countdown, bro. It gave no instruction,
no countdown. That's crazy. That's
insane. Okay, what is it? My turn. Okay.
What happens when a husk drowns?
A husk is the the desert one, right? Are
you stupid? Uhhuh. So, a husk No, only
zombies become drowned. Therefore, husk,
though. Therefore, a husk would just
die. You're an idiot. It becomes a
zombie. How do I How do I do this?
Great. Okay. Well, you know what? Then
I'm doing Wait, so will I get the same
mini game? I don't want to. I don't want
to test that. I'm going to go for 79. I
want that one.
Stop the zombie apocalypse. Kill all the
zombies. Have fun with that. What's
happen?
I'm scared. Oh my god. Kill them.
I am. Stop attacking me. Stop attacking
me. So easy. What? Oh, that was so easy.
That was not easy. That was like
terrifying. Cool, dude. This is going to
take 10 years.
All right, buff. I think there's a set
number of rounds. Uh, there is. Yeah.
Are you serious? To be made into blue
dye.
Are you serious? I think I know this
one. You got this. Biff, you got this.
I'm
It's correct, my man. I know. I know my
corn flowers. Okay, I know my cornfl
apparently. Okay. What the heck? Oh,
that is a big thing. That is a weird
shape. Oh, I see. I'm picking um H. Let
me see. 98. Yeah, that's so annoying.
Why would you? Okay, you'll see. Go
fishing without a permit.
Nice. On the daily. Yeah. Why does it
pick fishing in the toilet? Oh, Bibble,
do go fishing. Bibble. Oh, you have to
catch a fish before you die. Bibble.
Wait, Bibble's going to knock. Stay in
the water. Yeah. Wait, why not just stay
in the water? They're stupid. Pipple,
don't mess this up. Oh, he has to pay
attention if there's a fish, though.
Pibble, pay attention to the fish.
Trying. Pvil, this is tough. Pipple,
behind you. I know. I'm about to die. I
have one health to suck your blood.
Fibble, catch a fish. Why is it so
annoying? Why is it not, bro? That is
the dumbest mini game I ever seen out of
all mini games in all life. Catch a
fish, you dummy. Okay, let daddy show
you how to do it. Please show us, daddy.
What? Can I go get water? Oh, goats
milk. Perfect. You get a know that
you're not a mat. All right. What shape
did you get? Do I have permission to go
get water? Do I have permission water? I
literally don't care. I'm gonna go 77.
Uh, isn't that what the other person
did? I don't know. Escape from a
manhunt. Build a Nether portal. Build a
Nether portal in time. Are these Are all
these just getting chased by like fast
mobs? Sunny, go make You're an idiot,
Suny. Wow. Suny, make Suny, please make
a Nether portal, Sunundy. Oh my gosh.
Make a Nether portal, Sunundy. Dude,
Sunundy. Dude, dude, what are you doing?
Dude, what are you doing? What are you?
Make a Nether portal, it says.
Am I not doing it? Okay. Okay. No, no,
no. There you go. You just lost all your
No. Wait, do you have a diamond pick,
dude? No. You You're so dumb, Sy. Why
are you doing it one by like? What do
you
Oh, that's so bad. What are you? What is
What? What is he doing? What am I doing?
Could do this better. What is this? Oh,
I don't know how to make a portal.
Wait, is that actually it? Like you just
you lose. I'm just dead. I just lose.
No, no, no. He can still do this. Look
at him. Wait, what? Are you wearing a
dream skin? What? Wait, why are you
Jerome Drum? Oh, I'm dream. Oh, no.
Wait. Is there a resource pack for this?
I think I just lose. Yeah. No, you do.
You just kind of What do you guys want
to talk about for the next 9 seconds? We
can talk about I have to pee. Can I go
pee? Pickle. Cucumbers are just pickles
but not sanitized. And pickles are
cucumbers when they're not sanitized.
Drop the water.
What do I do? Water.
Get out. Stop not placing. Is this like
a famous dream moment?
I don't understand.
Get him off the portal. Where?
I literally can't. What is happening?
[Laughter]
[Music]
Can somebody tell me what's happening?
Just die, dude. Please.
Where is he? Where is he?
[Music]
Thank you. Hold on. Can I type this in?
What was that? I don't know. Like a
famous like manhunt moment. I don't
Okay. Can we get a shape on the board,
please? Oh, you sure you got this?
Surely. Come on. It's a
big shape for you. He didn't know that.
All right. What shape are you getting?
What the heck? Oh, got that hourglass
shape. Yeah, I chose how old Suny is. Is
that your Oh my gosh, Sunundy, you're so
handsome. Cave full of co bats.
What?
What did this game become? Ghost.
Don't get co. Oh, you have to shoot the
bats. Dude, these these games are like
impossible. I think you're meant to die
though in these is the thing. It's just
like called 100 ways to die. 100 ways to
die, idiot. Hello. I guess it's just
very silly ways to die. But maybe you
don't die. Sigils. I'm trying, dude. But
is he actually going to do it? Sigles.
Stop saying my name. Sorry. Sigles. Oh,
Sigles. There's no time limit. You can
take your time on this one. Eh, yeah,
just take your time. Yeah, but I am at
St.
It's so hard, dude. Sigil, cuz you're
like No, cuz your your screen is shaking
the whole time. Sigils, then turn off
your screen shaking. right to get a
larger. How many blocks can a piston
push? Oh, I actually don't know this.
Oh, I Okay, in my head I thought three.
So, I'm off to a good start. Um, I think
it's 12. I think it's 10. I think
somebody could help. What' you say? I
said 20. It's not 15. Is it 20? I'm
going to trust my friend Siddles. I was
going to say 12 was my respons.
I should have went with what I was
splinking. You're not going to beat this
game anyways. That's a good point. 59.
How am I going to die? Eat all the cakes
before the baker gets back from lunch.
What? What? You just got to put on your
auto clicker.
No, he has to get hunger. Oh, I have to
get hungry. Wait. Okay, give me hunger.
He's crashing through the door. How do I
How do I go uh hurt myself? I need to
hurt myself. Eat the cake. My hunger's
not going down. Oh no, I need to wait
for him to go down more. I know what to
do. He's already here. What is this?
Oh, he looks handsome. Oh, wait. No,
we're fine. He just chases me and then I
just have to run around. The thing is Z
loves being chased. He's putting milk on
you, though. Yeah, I know. I'm getting
slowed down every so often.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, he's milking you. Oh,
he's he's Oh, no. He's fully filling in
the room. Hour. An hour. You have a lot
of cake left. I know. I know. But I I'm
chilling. I'm chilling. My What happens
if he hits you once? I don't want to
test that. Is is the slime. You're going
to test it pretty soon, Bucko. Shut up.
Look at me. Cakes up. I'm I'm a chunky
boy. You are caked up, man. My man.
Wait, am I going to be the first person
with a shape on the wall? Uh uh. I don't
know. Are you? I am. He's auto clicking.
He's auto. I'm not I'm literally
clicking my finger. Listen. Do you hear
that? That's your mouth. Okay. This is
like a game made for him for Dead by Day
lighting. I know. This is just Okay,
come on. What if he died, bro? Oh my.
Oh, it does one heart. He hit you. One
heart. Yeah, but Okay. What if the
balance is not like the other dude? I
got colors. Yes, I'm winning. Your shape
is going on the board. Thanks. Uh,
thanks be starving
now. Can I take over your points? I hope
not. Okay. What is this? What is this
one? I don't know. Maybe the one the one
I said earlier.
I'm not stupid that much. The same thing
I got. Okay. Well, I'm going to put my
shape shape. Choose a challenge. Choose
a challenge. What are you doing? Go away
from me. Do 92. Pick number two, my
lord. I'm going to do 48. What? What?
Will that take his color from it? If it
does, I'm going to freak out. The true
secrets of the pyramid reach the top
alive. Oh, I'm dead. Wait. Oh,
what is this? What is this? Uh, go out.
Is that it?
At least get to the top. That's it. Oh
my gosh. I had like a half a heart. And
you're Are you taking my stuff? I think
I'm taking your hat this game. Okay. So,
you can just Now, that's how you skip
scubby into your little booty. Good to
know. Your little booty. Yeah, that's
how the game works. Obviously, did you
not pay attention to the Well, I don't
know how turf wars go. Sorry. I I know
you do, but I don't. You get a big
shake. Sorry. You get a big shake.
Somebody just got it. What shape do you
get? What? Get a You get a 50/50, by the
way. A challenge. Take 48. Hold on. No.
What? Oh, wait. No. Take 91. Take 60.
Yeah, 91 will get so many pinks. No,
don't do that. 91 will take it. It will.
Yeah. No, it won't. Shut up. It will.
It'll take three of It was like four of
his. No, three of his. All right. We're
We're See, we're being mean today. Well,
he's Bill's winning. Collect honey from
the Indonesian resin bee nest. What?
What? What? What? Go, Sunny. Go. Have
fun. What's happening? What do I do? I
don't know. Collect the bee nest. What
do you mean? What do you do?
Oh, oh, hey, they're huge. I have had I
had a heart. Okay, I have three hearts.
Why are you so bun?
It's trivia time. All right,
shape. Trivia time. Okay. What is this?
I wonder which one is
frost. Frost. You get a big shape, Sals.
Congratulations. Nice. What shape do you
get? Oh. Oh my gosh. Wow. You can take
over like the whole left side or right
side or top. Take 30 in the bottom left.
That was a bad spot. Stupid. It's based
off the middle. plus three spots. Oops.
Well, you are. He's not going to win
anyways. Get Mace in the face. Oh gosh.
What are you doing to this poor woman?
I've done this one on my videos. Leave
this woman alone. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.
Hey, man. Oh, you have to kill her while
she tries to protect herself. You are
actually the armor in this situation.
Yeah, you're you're a villain. You are
the attacker in this in this situation.
How dare you? He's not even letting his
sword charge all the way back up. Yes, I
am. He probably is. Lumino is using his
POV right now to show how intense it is
down there. We're recording. What is
this? What is this? I don't know. You're
doing good, sweetie. You're killing a
woman just trying to defend herself.
What? That's not That's a villager,
dude. Canonically in the Minecraft
movie. Yeah. Hey, nice out of eight.
Seven. Whatever. Good job. You know
what? You know what? I have more than
you. That's a good point. But I don't
have any. It's my turn. Yeah, I know.
You're over there saying a lot for no
board. Join a raid. Oh, this is easy.
Okay. Spawns iron golems. Nope. Causes
vill to hide. Pretty sure causes them to
panic. Technically sure scares off
indicators. No, I think it's causes them
to hide. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. Can I
have something? Are you okay? I just
want a really good shape. That's all I
want. Okay. Terrible. So, I place it.
So, if I just do 91 and What was 91
Sunday? I forget. That was the B one.
Yeah, I think it changes. Does it
change? I don't know if it does. No, it
definitely does not. It definitely does
not. Wait, hold on. If I do this and it
goes boom boom up. Okay, that I just
want to do a different one. Oh, okay.
No, no, you can't. You can't right click
the ones that have been done. Got it.
I'll just do it again. Let's just see
what it does. Idiot. What are you
stupid? Is it the same game? Are you
dumb?
It is the same game. Oh crap. Off you
go. Um, idiot. Okay. No. No. I I have
time to uh plan for this though. Okay.
So, there's a low one right there. Low
one right there. I'm learning from
Sundy's mistakes. Oh, is this the one I
went to OP during? Yep. I like that
part. He's dead. Got it. Yes. Let's go.
Let's go. And give me my green spaces
bike. My shape. My shape. Shape. I'm in
love with the shape of you. Yo. Oh god.
I love trivia. Do you though? Oh, let's
see if he I don't I've never messed with
villagers before. Let's see it. I don't
know. It could be any of them, honestly.
Probably a brewing stand. That was
actually very simple. That was so easy.
That was stupid. I don't know villagers.
I never beat my What the shape? Pick a
challenge. Another shape. Just start
taking siddles and stuff for fun. I'm
going to go number n. No, number 67.
Play in a new area. A man, I want the
new new. Yeah, my the new angry pandas.
Pandas. Off you go. Pandas aren't angry.
They're pretty. They're probably angry
in this case. Uhoh. Biffle. Biff. Oh my.
Biff. That one just roll. This one's
rolling after you. Biffle. How do you Is
it a timer? No. I think you got to
murder them. No, I'm dead. That was
impossible. That was impossible.
Let's do some trivia. Yes. I'm I'm using
chat GPT. Which biome does not have a
villager variant? Oh, tiger. Oh. Oh, it
actually might be dark oak. Tiger does.
Tiger or swamp or jungle or swamp or
tiger. I think it's dark oak. Oh, it was
dark oak. Oh, yeah. Stupid. Stupid. And
stupid. Stupid. Sorry. Stupid. Stupid.
Oh, what is that shape? Oh, you could
take like 89 and then it would like be
mostly safe up there. That's just my the
way I would do it. Idiot. I don't like
all the idiots. Or you take 57 or do 34
and take the rest of uh bibles. I'm
taking 89, my man. I don't know what I'm
doing. Wait, I get one down there and
took stuff from time at an anvil
factory. Survive for 30 seconds. Good
luck. No, I got to look up. That was
really lazy. Oh, this is a mini game.
Oh, I said that. Yeah. Is there mini
games? Aren't they all mini games? Yeah,
they like kind of small game. Don't die.
Oh wow. I beat I beat that in my video.
Pebble did beat that in this video.
Yeah, that's crazy. No, but I said how.
Did you hear me? I don't like the way
you said how. What? Let's see. Uh, so
feels like it's a trick question. Hold
on. I think it's a tricky. Yeah. Jump
right now. 1.25. Prove it. Then why
can't you jump over a I mean a challenge
cuz you're jumping pretty much like
Never mind. You should do 51 top right.
I'm going to do No. What are you doing?
Huh? You got to take some from Zut. No,
you don't. Why are you not combining
your area? No, dude. S's being smart.
He's doing like his own game. Rob a bank
on ice skates. What? I could do that. I
can do that. Hello. Is this rob
on ice skates? So, as soon as you steal,
is it going to like freak out?
Hello. Break in. Break in the glass,
man. Come on. Nope. That's Oh, there's a
button.
You have You have 30 seconds. He's
robbing the bank. Oh, there's puzzles in
there. Yeah, it's like annoying little
puzzle thingies. I get Oh, and you only
have 22 seconds to You have to get all
the way back out. I don't I don't even
know. This is Get through the puzzle,
man. Buns, hun. Oh my gosh. I hate this.
I'm really curious what it looks like in
there. Oh, he made it. He has 10
seconds.
Oh, does he have to parkour? What are
you doing, dude? This Yeah. Well, no,
it's it's ice, so you have like your
feet are all Wait, it it doesn't Bro,
this is not Take whatever. Oh, you're
getting killed. Oh my god. Oh, the cops
are there. Hello. Oh, dude. Yeah, you
have ice.
You have ice effects. Like, you can't
walk on anything. That's so hard. Hey,
dude. You know, I'll go again. Why not?
Give me a good question. Hello. What
material can be used to repair trident
in an anvil? Wait, what? That's a thing.
Wamp wamp. I don't think you can repair
trident. You can only put mending on it.
No, you can repair it. It's prismine
crystals. I looked it up to Okay, so
it's shards. I I keep answering it
correctly and then I don't do it. You
got to trust yourself. Uh, I do need to
start trusting myself. Biffle, you're so
right. Uh, let's go. I need to So, that
means you're trusting Biffle. I want to
claim a new area. Let's do a 100. No,
that's mine. Mine.
Put the milk in before the cereal.
Defeat the enemy. Off you go. Wait, are
we done this one? Isn't this one like
cereal milker? Ah, I'm in a bowl of
milk. Where am I? Ah, Johnny.
Is this it? Wow. Riveting. Okay. Oh,
yeah. Some of these are like What? Why
are like some of these like this, but
then you get to like the Siddles one. I
mean, anyone can do it except Ciddles,
but like you get to one that Siddles has
to do. Okay, cool. No, thanks for
understanding the minor impossible. No,
I meant to say like when if I were to do
it, I would do it, but like when you do
it, it's impossible. Like I'm shaking my
head when I talk. Yeah, I am doing it,
too. I love trivia. Uh oh.
Oh, which one, B? What is this? Which
one? B. What is this? Can be destroyed
by the ender dragon.
Oh, I don't know. He's He's thinking
real hard or looking it up. One of the
two. Bender chest.
How am I supposed to know that? I
thought the crowd laughs at you whenever
you do that. Yeah, I do too. That's
messed up. Biff, stop. Bitful. Biffle.
Biffle. Do not be spiteful. I hate you.
Spiteful. He's trying to take my 53.
Right. Get abducted by higher species of
alien life. You go. Easy. Okay. Why is
this 100? There's a buoy. Uh, Bible.
Hey, Bibble. I don't think you're I
think you're meant to not do that.
Bibble. Yeah. Bibble.
No, you're trying to get abducted. Oh,
what? Oh, you wanted yourself. It says
save yourself from being abducted,
though. No, no. The prompt says get
abducted and then it says save yourself
from being abducted. I do not
understand. I don't understand either.
Uh, Sunny, good luck on this one. I have
no idea.
It's nausea. Why? This one's impossible.
What? It's nausea. I know my numbers eye
blindness. Dang it. I told you it's
nausea. I knew my number. I That's what
I would have done. No, I didn't. No one
listen to me. I knew it. You're ugly. Do
a nice number. I have to take from you.
42 or 45. You're a meanie head.
Whatever. Nobody passed. I have to. He's
winning. Grandpa's grandma or grandma's.
Grandma idiot. Sorry, grandpa. Got it.
Sorry. I didn't mean to call you. Wise
team in grandma's house. Oh, cool. Flip
that lever over there. What is this? Oh,
it's a redstone. Make sure you don't get
it. Oh, the if you do it in the wrong
way. What do I have to do? You need to
diffuse grandma. Help her. Empower the
dispenser without exploding is what it
says. Ah, where's the dispenser?
Hey, Grammy. All right, Sundy. You need
a grandma live. Come on. You got it.
This is the best chocolate chip cookies
ever. Why is there a Sunday?
When you are a big idiot. Oh my. I
didn't know. You didn't know turning
books can give a redstone signal? Yeah,
but I didn't think it was going to do
that.
Are phantom membranes obtainable in
peaceful mode?
What?
They don't spawn. It's a hostile mob.
They don't spawn. That was a serious
question. I clicked no. It said yes. You
didn't. It said you clicked yet. Oh no.
Wait. What did you click? I clicked no.
You clicked no. So how do you get in
peaceful? That's what Okay. Thanks.
Yeah. Well, if you think if you think
about it, you go slash game mode
creative and you get it. Mhm. I actually
think that's maybe what they meant. It
was a trick question. Oh, yeah. I said
you got to pick it up. Actually, no.
Sunny needs to pick it up. What are you
What are you doing? No, I'm gray. Okay,
you gray. Be a turkey on first
Thanksgiving. 30 seconds. Cool. What
does this mean? Oh, what does that mean?
What does this mean? Oh, run. He's
literally a turkey. Look at him.
Uh, Siddles, they are very hungry. This
one's so easy. This one's Yeah, this is
uh I think Siddles is about to get some
more points unless he fails miserably.
I'm very hurt. I'm very very hurt. I'm
not otherwise. Oh, yes. I spawned into
them hitting me. Oh, cool. Oh. Oh. And I
have like a weird like floating hearts.
I have like a weird floating I have half
a heart. Have a heart. You also get Oh,
he did it. Please. Yeah, you killed it
back there. You killed it. Actually, I
survived. Technically, my man. Okay,
there's only eight turns left. We're
getting to the low numbers. Huh. Sunny
has not survived this. What effect do
you get? I know. If you get shocked by a
boged. What is a Wait, what's a bog?
What is a bog? You guys don't know what
the bog is? No. Explain. Is that one of
the new things? It's the No, it's the
swamp monsters.
What? What's swamp monsters? What? Get
weakness.
I lied. It's poison. I googled it. I
googled it and it was poison. You're the
worst. You're actually wor skeleton. Is
there? Yes. What? I'm doing 25. It's the
bug. He has like the castles and stuff.
Yeah. No, it's like I'm trying this one
out. Go digging for treasure in a former
battlefield. Here we go. Okay. Okay. Uh,
find and stand on the gold block. Oh, we
Oh, yeah. We see the gold block. Yeah.
Wait, where where you guys spectating
from? Oh, you guys see it? So, it's
right It's literally right there.
Whoops. Wait, what?
No, TNT. Oh, fine. I found it. I found
it. Zippy, I did it cuz you guys told me
that you guys could see it. Thank you.
You guys are idiots. I know. I know. I
know. Dude, I am killing it. This is my
turf, boys. Get out of here. Sorry. I
said no. My color is gray. I love
trivia. I see. Well, mom can eat cake.
Hello.
Mobs cannot eat cake. Llamas, pandas,
and cats. Phone a friend. Sundy Google.
cannot eat cake. All right, I knew it.
Dude, I knew it. Why did you My friends
didn't tell me. He said, "Phone a friend
and I open my mouth and you said Sunday
and I did help." Yeah, that's crazy.
That's actually crazy for me. I'm so
sorry. All right, Bob. What do you Where
are you going? I hate You got to take
from Z. Yeah. Why do you keep going for
me? What the heck? Cuz you're ugly,
stupid, and I love you and you're
recording. Okay. Play dodgeball with a
gang of snowmen. Oh god. Good luck.
Okay. Gang gang. Uh gang gang. Uh
how are you missing? They're standing
still.
Stop. Why is he missing? Oh, he got one.
Stop. Oh, he got two.
How is this a game? He's actually
getting hit. Failed.
Not even close.
That's insane. Bibble.
To be m What is this? It's It's
obviously blue or what the heck? Oh,
it's alium. It's definitely blue orchid.
It's blue orchid because it's blue. You
get a big Oh, I misclicked. Okay. How do
they have run out of things? We've
gotten the same question multiple times.
Shut up. Random challenge. Random. Okay.
Wait. I got to take a lot from Z. No,
you don't. You don't have to be. I bet
you there's not actually 100 mini games.
Two there. If I do 95, I steal like five
from Z, I think. No, you'd steal four,
you idiot. But no, no, it's five. What
are you dumb? I It's literally No, it's
You steal 98. I would steal 98. No, you
wouldn't.
Okay, I'll show you when you fail this.
Challenge an invoker to a sheep dying
competition. What? Die more sheep than
Ian. Auto clicker. Oh, hean,
you got to go. I don't know if an auto
clicker is going to help you in this
case cuz Oh, he is rapidly setting them
back. Oh, the score's on the right side.
Uh, actually, I hate this game. Wait,
this this is stupid. Yeah, the auto
clicker, boys. He's just auto clicking.
He's just Yeah, son. He's auto clicking
like a little cheater.
Yes. What do you mean? Yes, Zud. All
right. Whatever. Look, you only took
one. Oh, yeah. 1 2 3 4 5 dumb idiot.
Dumb dumb. Whatever. You dumb dumb dumb.
I think I'm still winning, though. Am I?
I'm scared. I can't tell. We'll find
out. Finally, some blue on the board. H.
No, I'm gray. Does drinking milk stop
you from being on fire? Yes, obviously.
[Laughter]
Stop googling. I'm not googling. I'm
not. No, I was just thinking. Oh, did
did my confidence make you think? Yeah.
Oh, the X
and the O's. They haunt me. He's going
to take. Is he going to take? I'm
staring at the one that he should take,
but maybe he won't take it. Is he
looking?
Is he going to do it? I am going to
take.
And you're an idiot. Congratulations on
being idiot mode.
Not an idiot. Fall in a pit of
quicksand. How is this hard? What? Oh
no. No. Survive the quicksand. It's very
misleading.
Okay. What do I sigils? What am I? What
do I I can't Yeah. Wiggle break stuff.
Punch. Do something. I I I can't do
what? Literally an impossible game mode.
What the What?
What are you supposed to? I don't know.
I was like I spawned in a cobweb and I
fell into a lava. Subtitle for camel
jumping. I'm sorry. What? Oh,
probably just camel jumps. No, no, it's
going to be a camel. No, camel. No, cuz
camels can leap. So, it's just jumps.
Yates.
That's crazy. Why would it be Yates? I
Minecraft. I hate you in your little in
your quirkiness. Uh, okay. I need to
steal from Who's winning? Low key.
Sigils could be I think Sigils is. I
think Sundy. So, I'm going to go for the
game. Sundy.
That was not abducted by Oh, it's this
one. Okay. So save yourself from being
abducted. How do you save yourself?
I don't know, dude. Oh, I get it. Grab
the cow. I have no bucket, man. Oh, I
did it. What? What? Oh, and it's
grabbing the cow now instead. I don't
know how I did that, but I did. I don't
understand. All right. Okay. Genuinely,
I don't understand how I survived that.
No, I said okay. No, I'm happy. And you
guys should be happy, too, with me. Time
for trivia. I love trivia. Wait, there's
trivia in this. What happens when a
charge creeper kills the ender dragon?
Oh, the game crashes.
It's possible. So, charge creepers drop
skeleton heads and creeper heads, right?
Or zombie heads. I'm Hold on. Give me a
second to chat. GBT this. Stop. Pull.
Answer the question. Fine. I'll just say
nothing. No. Dragon head. Siddles. I'm
phoning your friend. Siddles. I don't.
How do you pivot? How do you get the
dragon?
It's a thing. Yeah, you get it from the
ships. Yeah, I know. But why why would
you want to help him? Wait, really? I
never I want Pibble to take you down.
Take him down, Bill. Bibble, no. Leave
me alone, Bibble. Hit him with it. Oh,
42 is about to go crazy. Why is 42 going
to go? No, you need to fail this now.
What is this one? Oh, let me set up.
Play connect four with a ghost. What? I
love connect four. What is this? I'm a
connect four patterns. Pipple, you bet.
I love patterns. I have the
button. Pipple, shut up.
Okay. I hope this ghost is smart. Is he
smart? No. He's smart. Nuh-uh. No. No.
Put it. Put it. Cut it. Block him. Bug
him. I said smir. He said, "Wait,
people, go." Why would you go to the
right? Oh, yeah. Go to the middle. Go to
the middle. Go to the middle. Okay.
Ghost. Dead middle. There you go. Now
you can go to ghost. Ghost. Block him.
You idiot. Ghost. You're fine. You're
fine. Vivvil. Viv, what are you doing?
That was not a good spot. That was not a
good far left. Far left. Far left. Far
left. Far left. Far left. Far left.
What? You have 5 seconds to win. I don't
think you're winning. Oh, wait. Vivvil
wins. Wait, what? No, he needs one more.
Yes. Are you kidding? Oh my gosh.
That's hard. Okay, who else do I need to
survive? How many more rounds? I'm
scared. It's like watching Sunny play
chess. How many mob heads can you get in
a single charge creeper explosion?
Theoretically unlimited. That's a big
word. No. Theoretically, if you think
about it theoretically, like
theoretically. Wait, did you say
theoretically?
Yeah. Yes. I actually thought I
theoretically challenge. Well, you're
dumb. Don't you dare do 42. You have to
do uh do 42. 42 42 42 42
74 74 seen it. Wait, have you done
three? I haven't done three. 71 71 71.
Two. Just do two. Just be calm and do
two. You know, I did two. Do three. Do
three. Do three. Like five. He did
three. What is I'm scared. Challenge a B
to a spelling bee. I'm so happy I don't
have this. Okay. Oh, hopefully the
word's not alinary.
Um, what is this? Osmia. Oh, to refer to
B mason bees. Osmio. I think it's osmia.
Mia. Well, no, that's
Or is it that one? Sundi, which can
Google it. I do. Yeah, don't Google it.
It is Which one do you think it is?
I think it's this one. You're leaning
towards that. Omia a lot. I think it's
the second one. You pick pick. No.
Okay, so he took three of mine. Heck
yeah, brother. Is that Was that the last
round? We got one turn left. Oh no. Who
won? Who's I'm not even counting. Oh, is
he gonna count for us? Red one. Reveal
the winner. Come on. Come on. Come on.
Double got six. Sucks. Not bad. Oh,
Siddles with nine. Come on. Yeah. Let's
go. Wait. How much did I get? 11. Two.
tiles. Boy, never target. We showed you
100 ways to die. And you know what? I
Where we going? Oh my god. Look at me.
Look at me in the middle. I know how to
die. And I am the expert dyer. What does
that mean? I don't know. Why is this